# 111621-sprint-1-review

Group 33: Exploding Cats

Meeting type: Sprint Review

When: Tuesday, 11/16/21, 6:30pm - 7:10pm

Where: CSE Lab 140

Members Present - Everyone

Members Absent -

### Sprint Updates

Cole - Worked on the Imgur API image upload demo. Also made the standardized measurement units for recipe JSONs. Only holdups was unfamiliarity with the API. Some holdups in keeping the API key a secret, but Netlifly might have some options.

- https://github.com/Cole-Rindal/Upload-Image
- [https://github.com/cse110-fa21-group33/cse110-fa21-group33/tree/main/source/assets/jsons](https://github.com/cse110-fa21-group33/cse110-fa21-group33/tree/main/source/assets/jsons)

Edward - Worked on the Jest framework for unit tests and e2e tests on GitHub Actions. Can't create any meaningful tests until there's actual code to test. 

Everett - Worked on ESLint, specifically how to set it up and working on the config file. Going to work on recipe edit page, going to work with Cole and Tanyunfeng to do this. 

George - Worked on using Codacy for automated code quality tests. Currently struggling with making Codacy run faster, as apparently, it's supposed to take around 5 minutes to run. 

- Overall finished build pipeline:

![pipeline](admin/meetings/media/sprint-1/111621-1.png)

- [Demo video](https://github.com/cse110-fa21-group33/cse110-fa21-group33/blob/main/admin/cipipeline/phase1.mov) for the pipeline

Kevin - Worked on the JSDocs automation for GitHub Actions. Also worked on the design for the recipe cards. Going to continue working on the recipe cards and the JavaScript for them. 

[JSDocs](https://cse110-fa21-group33.github.io/cse110-fa21-group33/)

![recipe-card](admin/meetings/media/sprint-1/111621-2.png)

Lorenzo - Got the database to work. Unfortunately, uploading to GitHub Pages doesn't work. :( 

Lynn - Worked on the recipe page display. Going to make some changes to main page HTML, specifically removing the inline CSS. Touched up on the wireframes to ensure uniformity. Helped deploy the website on Netlify. Started the GitHub project board and included tasks for everyone. The only hangup is that right now the main page looks a bit 'wonky'. 

![recipe-display](admin/meetings/media/sprint-1/111621-3.png)

Minghui - Worked on the main page along with Yuang. Worked on the CSS for it as well as the layout. No hangups so far. Going to include recipe cards instead of images. 

Tanyunfeng - Worked with Everett on the ESLint and the recipe page. Need to work on how to pack the data into a JSON to send to the database. Need to incorporate a header and footer. 

- Current edit page (Everett & Tanyunfeng)

![recipe-edit](admin/meetings/media/sprint-1/111621-4.png)

Yuang - Worked on the main page, fixing things mostly on HTML and CSS. Had some troubles trying to implement the spice slider. Difficult to implement challenge front end until we've ironed out how we're going to implement challenge back end. 

(currently main page from Yuang & Minghui)

![main-page](admin/meetings/media/sprint-1/111621-5.png)