# 111821-retrospective

Group 33: Exploding Cats

Meeting type: Retrospective

When: Thursday, 11/18/21, 6:30pm - 7:20pm

Where: CSE Lab 160

Members Present -

Members Absent - Tanyunfeng, Yuang

[Retrospective Link](https://app.retrium.com/team-room/dfb255c3-9ddc-49c7-9bab-e630d9ff3da1?utm_campaign=team-room-invite&utm_content=link-invite&utm_invitedby=rrn%3Auser%3A06c83ffa-99f4-493e-ba5d-30c370d35495&utm_medium=own-referral&utm_source=retrium)

What Went Well

- Meeting retention
    - A bit rocky start with the meetings being quiet, but people are starting to speak up more and contributing to the discussion
    - Team responsiveness has been relatively good.
    - I think that our attendance in meetings was really good.
- Good work on the pipeline
    - We managed to get the pipeline working within a week as a team which was great.
    - Managed to get a good grasp on the pipeline
    - Building the pipeline was a smooth process since each group focused on a specific task.
- Even though we are in a time crunch and have not made too much tangible progress yet, all members have kept their cool and been respectful.
- Dividing into sub-teams and small groups made it easy to delegate tasks.
- Spending a long time planning before coding.
- I think that the mob and pair programming sessions were really helpful in getting everyone on the same page.

What didn't go well

- Sometimes we got distracted during meetings.
- Lack of tangible assignments have made our progress a bit slow - some members don't know what they should be doing or how they can help.
- Volunteering for tasks/responsibilities
- I think that we could be more diligent in creating and closing issues on GitHub.
- A lot of changes to the project in terms of how it is going
- I think that we could include more standups to get a better grasp on who's working on what.
- Feels like we could've been able to do more durring the sprint
- Some of the code wasn't exactly up to standard (ie inline css, messy html, confusion about what we're including/not including in the program)
- Initially didn't know some deadlines, so we missed a couple and didn't know the format expected of the repo/assignment

Outgoing Action Items

- Show more demos on what people are doing.
- Lynn will send announcements with everyone's tasks
- If anyone has concerns on how much progress we're making, please dm one of the managers.
- Everyone should update the standup channel on what they're working on/planning to work on the days they're working on the project
    - Enforcing standups Wednesday & Friday: specifically what we're working on and we're planning on working on individually so that everyone knows who's doing what.
- GitHub Issues: need to be more proactive in creating and closing issues. The project board has been a good help.
    - Lynn & Lorenzo will utilize the Github Project board and ensure better organization
- Continue having people work together on tasks
- Plan to do more programming/work heavy sessions